DNS content (#2612)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/dns/src/content/manage-dns-records/index.md

---
order: 3
pcx-content-type: how-to
---

# Manage DNS records

DNS records help communicate information about your domain to visitors and other web services.

<Aside type="note" header="Note:">

For more background about different types of DNS records, refer to the [Learning Center](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/dns/dns-records/).

</Aside>

---

## Create DNS records

When you add a new domain to Cloudflare, Cloudflare automatically scans for common records and adds them to your account's **DNS** page. If you want to bulk import your own records, refer to [import DNS records](import-and-export).

<Aside type="note">

If your domain is added to Cloudflare by a hosting partners, manage your DNS records via the hosting partner.

</Aside>

### Using the dashboard

To create a DNS record in the dashboard:

> 1. Log into the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login) and select an account and domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login) and select an account and domain.
```

1. Navigate to **DNS**.
1. Click **Add record**.
1. Choose a record **Type**.
    
    - To learn more about different record types, refer to the [Learning Center](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/dns/dns-records/).
    - For record information specific to Cloudflare, refer to [DNS records](/reference/dns-record-types).
    - For help deciding which records to proxy, refer to [Proxied DNS records](/reference/proxied-dns-records).

1. Complete the required fields. 
1. Click **Save**.

### Using the API

To create records with the API, use a [POST request](https://api.cloudflare.com/#dns-records-for-a-zone-create-dns-record).

---

## Edit DNS records

### Using the dashboard

To edit DNS records in the dashboard:

> 1. Log into the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login) and select an account and domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login) and select an account and domain.
```

1. Navigate to **DNS**.
1. On a specific record, click **Edit**.
1. Make any necessary changes.
1. Click **Save**.

### Using the API

To update part of a record with the API, use a [PATCH request](https://api.cloudflare.com/#dns-records-for-a-zone-patch-dns-record). If you want to overwrite the entire existing record, use a [PUT request](https://api.cloudflare.com/#dns-records-for-a-zone-update-dns-record).

---

## Delete DNS records

### Using the dashboard

To delete DNS records in the dashboard:

> 1. Log into the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login) and select an account and domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login) and select an account and domain.
```

1. Navigate to **DNS**.
1. On a specific record, click **Edit**.
1. Click **Delete**.
1. Click **Delete** again to confirm.

### Using the API

To delete records with the API, use a [DELETE request](https://api.cloudflare.com/#dns-records-for-a-zone-delete-dns-record).

> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
